Brief: 

Samus moves upwards from floor to floor in order to escape a facility before time runs out.
The floors each have an escape elevator the next level, and a mandatory objective to enable the elevator.
Side objectives in each floor add extra time the the countdown.

---

Bosses:

First Floor- Blue and Green Brinstar. 
	Main Objective- Beat Kraid. He is not directly blocking the elevator, but it is behind a grey door.
	Optional objective- clear out a nest of zeros. This will prevent kihunters from spawning on a later floor.
	Optional objective- walljumping with etecoons. This will give samus extra time.
	Optional objective- beat Spore Spawn. This will give samus extra time.
	Hidden in this floor: Hi-jump, 2 E-tanks and 6 missile packs

Second Floor- Upper Norfair
	Main objective- Collect Speed Booster. The elevator is blocked by Speed Booster blocks.
	Optional Objective- Beat Crocomire. This will give Samus extra time and Power bombs.
	Optional Objective- Collect Wave beam. This will let samus traverse later floors more efficiently.
	Optional Objective- beat Gold Torizo. This will give samus power bombs, plasma, charge, and screw attack, and upgrade her missiles to supers.
	Hidden in this floor: Charge beam, 3 E-tank and 4 missile packs

Third Floor- Yellow Brinstar and Wrecked Ship
	Main objective- Find the elevator. It is hidden.
	Optional Objective- Beat Phantoon. Some paths and a shortcut to the elevator are behind grey doors.
	Phantoon is not weak to supers, but only throws fire at samus once per rage is hit with a super.
	Optional Objective- Beat Kihunters. this will give samus more time
	Hidden in this floor: plasma (behind a grey door), 3 E-tanks, and 10 missile packs

Fourth Floor- Maridia and Lower Crateria
	Main objective- Blow the Maridia Pipe. It's the only way to the elevator. This will flood other rooms in the floor.
	Optional objective- beat Botwoon.  This will give samus power bombs.
	Optional Objective- find gravity suit. Some time extensions and power bombs will be gravity locked.
	Optional objective- beat Draygon. This will give samus power bombs.
	Optional Objective- visit shaktool. This will upgrade samus' missiles into Supers
	Hidden in this floor: Screw attack, time extensions, 4 E-tanks and 10 missiles

Fifth Floor- Upper Crateria
	Main objective- Get to the ship. blocked by 3 grey doors.
	Optional objective- Beat Bomb Torizo. This unlocks a grey door
	Optional objective- Beat Spore Spawn. This unlocks a grey Door
	Optional objective- beat buffed kraid, palette swapped kraid. this unlocks a grey door.
	Option objective- use wave beam to circumvent the torizo fight
	Optional Objective- use super missiles to circumvent the spore spawn fight
	Optional Objective- use screw attack to circumvent the Kraid fight
	Once all three doors are unlocked, Ridley Appears! Just like Samus returns.
	Beat ridley and leave the planet.

Missile and energy counts subject to change.